Update version and CHANGELOG for new release: 0.5.1. (#343)
sscpac/statick: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

## v0.5.1 - 2021-02-08

### Added

- Allow custom configuration levels to inherit from base levels.

>   The base level is either the ones that are supplied by Statick, or set in `config.yaml` on a `--user-paths` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The base levels are either the ones that are supplied by Statick, or those set in `config.yaml` on a `--user-paths` path.
```
